---
title: Daily Post
date: 2023-09-25
tags:
  - games
  - ontology
  - digital twin schema
  - trader
---

## Playing Spyfall

[Generative AI in Mafia-like Game Simulation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.11672)

In this research, we explore the efficacy and potential of Generative AI models, specifically focusing on their application in role-playing simulations exemplified through Spyfall, a renowned mafia-style game. By leveraging GPT-4's advanced capabilities, the study aimed to showcase the model's potential in understanding, decision-making, and interaction during game scenarios. Comparative analyses between GPT-4 and its predecessor, GPT-3.5-turbo, demonstrated GPT-4's enhanced adaptability to the game environment, with significant improvements in posing relevant questions and forming human-like responses. However, challenges such as the model;s limitations in bluffing and predicting opponent moves emerged. Reflections on game development, financial constraints, and non-verbal limitations of the study were also discussed. The findings suggest that while GPT-4 exhibits promising advancements over earlier models, there remains potential for further development, especially in instilling more human-like attributes in AI.

## Ontology using LLMs

[Towards Ontology Construction with Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.09898)

We present a method for automatically constructing a concept hierarchy for a given domain by querying a large language model. We apply this method to various domains using OpenAI's GPT 3.5. Our experiments indicate that LLMs can be of considerable help for constructing concept hierarchies.

## Trader Persona

[Is GPT 4 a Good Trader](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.10982)

Recently, large language models (LLMs), particularly GPT-4, have demonstrated significant capabilities in various planning and reasoning tasks \cite{cheng2023gpt4,bubeck2023sparks}. Motivated by these advancements, there has been a surge of interest among researchers to harness the capabilities of GPT-4 for the automated design of quantitative factors that do not overlap with existing factor libraries, with an aspiration to achieve alpha returns \cite{webpagequant}. In contrast to these work, this study aims to examine the fidelity of GPT-4's comprehension of classic trading theories and its proficiency in applying its code interpreter abilities to real-world trading data analysis. Such an exploration is instrumental in discerning whether the underlying logic GPT-4 employs for trading is intrinsically reliable. Furthermore, given the acknowledged interpretative latitude inherent in most trading theories, we seek to distill more precise methodologies of deploying these theories from GPT-4's analytical process, potentially offering invaluable insights to human traders.
To achieve this objective, we selected daily candlestick (K-line) data from specific periods for certain assets, such as the Shanghai Stock Index. Through meticulous prompt engineering, we guided GPT-4 to analyze the technical structures embedded within this data, based on specific theories like the Elliott Wave Theory. We then subjected its analytical output to manual evaluation, assessing its interpretative depth and accuracy vis-à-vis these trading theories from multiple dimensions. The results and findings from this study could pave the way for a synergistic amalgamation of human expertise and AI-driven insights in the realm of trading.
